@echo off
setlocal enabledelayedexpansion

REM Step 1: Starting the program


:: Backup the current hosts file
copy C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts.bak

REM Step 2: Ping forcesafesearch.google.com to get the IP address
echo Getting the IP address for forcesafesearch.google.com...
for /f "tokens=2 delims=[]" %%i in ('ping -n 1 forcesafesearch.google.com ^| find "Pinging"') do set IPAddress=%%i

REM Confirm IP address was retrieved
if "!IPAddress!"=="" (
    echo Could not retrieve IP address. Exiting.
    exit /b 1
)

echo Retrieved IP address: !IPAddress!

REM Step 3: Append entries to hosts file
echo Adding entries to hosts file...

REM Use a temporary file for appending to hosts
set tempHostsFile=%TEMP%\hosts.tmp

REM Copy current hosts file to temp file
copy C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts %tempHostsFile% > nul

REM Add the new entries for all Google country domains
(
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ac #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ad #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ae #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.af #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ag #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ai #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.al #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.am #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.ao #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ar #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.as #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.at #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.au #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.az #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ba #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.bd #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.be #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.bf #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.bg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.bh #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.bi #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.bj #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.bn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.bo #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.br #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.bs #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.bt #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.bw #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.by #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.bz #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ca #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.kh #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cc #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cd #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cf #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cat #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ch #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ci #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.ck #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cl #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.g.cn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.co #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.cr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.cu #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cv #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.cy #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.cz #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.de #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.dj #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.dk #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.dm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.do #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.dz #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ec #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ee #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.eg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.es #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.et #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.fi #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.fj #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.fm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.fr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ga #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ge #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.gf #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.gg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.gh #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.gi #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.gl #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.gm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.gp #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.gr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.gt #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.gy #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.hk #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.hn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.hr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ht #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.hu #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.id #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.iq #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ie #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.il #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.im #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.in #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.is #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.it #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.je #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.jm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.jo #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.jp #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.ke #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ki #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.kg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.kr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.kw #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.kz #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.la #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.lb #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.lc #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.li #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.lk #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.ls #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.lt #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.lu #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.lv #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ly #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.ma #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.md #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.me #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.mg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.mk #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ml #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.mm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.mn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ms #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.mt #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.mu #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.mv #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.mw #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.mx #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.my #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.mz #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.na #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ne #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.nf #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ng #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ni #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.nl #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.no #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.np #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.nr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.nu #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.nz #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.om #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.pk #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.pa #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.pe #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ph #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.pl #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.pg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.pn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.pn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.pr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ps #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.pt #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.py #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.qa #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ro #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.rs #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ru #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.rw #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.sa #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.sb #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.sc #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.se #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.sg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.sh #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.si #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.sk #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.sl #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.sn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.sm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.so #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.st #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.sr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.sv #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.td #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.tg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.th #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.tj #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.tk #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.tl #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.tm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.to #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.tn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.tr #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.tt #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.tw #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.tz #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.ua #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.ug #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.uk #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.uy #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.uz #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.vc #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.ve #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.vg #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.vi #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.com.vn #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.vu #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.ws #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.za #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.zm #forcesafesearch
echo !IPAddress! www.google.co.zw #forcesafesearch
) >> %tempHostsFile%


:: Define search engines to block
set "search_engines=search.yahoo.com bing.com yandex.com duckduckgo.com ask.com aol.com baidu.com qwant.com startpage.com searx.me ecosia.org gibiru.com dogpile.com webcrawler.com lycos.com metacrawler.com altavista.com savvy.com cha-cha.com search.com find.com goggles.com snap.com gigablast.com boardreader.com walla.com search.ru search.aol.co.uk search.naver.com search.daum.net search.sina.com.cn search.weibo.com search.navercorp.com search.soso.com search.kakao.com search.t.co search.myway.com search.orange.fr search.yahoo.co.jp"


:: Add entries to redirect search engines to 127.0.0.1
echo Redirecting search engines to 127.0.0.1...

:: Loop through each search engine and add an entry to the hosts file
for %%d in (%search_engines%) do (
    echo 127.0.0.1 %%d >> %tempHostsFile%
)

REM Overwrite the original hosts file with the temp file
copy /y %tempHostsFile% C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts > nul

REM Cleanup
del %tempHostsFile%

echo Entries added successfully.SafeSearch should now be enforced and all specified search engines are now blocked.

endlocal
pause
